LRS is the industry leader in providing innovative and environmentally responsibly waste and recycling solutions. Our team delivers exceptional service and value through relentless commitment to customer satisfaction and preservation of the environment. Through our safe and innovative approach to waste diversion, LRS thrives on the passion and innovation of our employees to preserve and sustain the beauty of the towns, neighborhoods and communities that we serve. We are excited to hire candidates that align with our Vision and Values: To become the safest, most innovative waste recycler in the world by redefining the way the world views waste.

Live Safety

Serve With Passion
Innovate Relentlessly
Engage With Integrity
Build Community
Be Accountable, The Sales Manager is responsible for planning, organizing, directing and coordinating the activities of the new business sales function for an assigned area to effectively execute sales strategies that will maximize sales volume, drive targeted profitable growth and professionally develop the sales staff.

Reports To

Director of Sales

Develop and implement comprehensive business strategies, and sales and marketing plans that complement the overall operating plan.
Develop the sales forecast and maintain accountability for sales goal achievement, including but not limited to respective key metrics and/or budget achievement.
Direct a staff of sales and administrative personnel, including responsibility for hiring, training and performance coaching and management; complete weekly “ride-alongs” with sales personnel to provide training and coaching.
Assist with new customer solicitation, bid preparation and strategies.
Meet regularly with sales personnel to review sales activity funnel (CRM tool), review sales performance compared to goal, production and training needs.
Participate with business unit leadership to develop and implement pricing strategy to meet Company objectives.
Maintain an awareness of market behavior and competitive trends in designated market to anticipate changing customer needs; proactively manage customer base.
Maintain a thorough knowledge of the Company’s available services, lines of business, pricing structures to assist sales personnel in particular selling circumstances as the need arises.
Complete all required sales reports in a thorough and timely fashion.
Review Customer Service Agreements for terms and conditions pricing, accuracy and other requirements.

People Management

Responsible for leading and supervising the growth driven sales team members, evaluating performance and delivering feedback
Oversees personnel needs of the department including selecting, coaching, and training employees and evaluating employee performance. Provides input into termination, compensation, and promotion decisions.
Develops measures to motivate employees and undertake office management.
Focuses on succession planning and assuring a strong depth within the team.
Participate in the development of emerging leaders to be ready to move into more responsible roles.

,

3-5 years of experience in Sales management
Bachelor Degree in Business Management
Excellent communicator with superior verbal, written, interpersonal, technical and presentation skills.
Professional presentation; is confident, assertive and displays a high level of self-esteem.
Good time management skills to ensure assigned responsibilities are completed in an efficient manner.
Strong active listening skills; gives full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions when appropriate, and letting others fully state their ideas.
Grasps concepts quickly and has good follow through skills; adheres to work schedule and follows through on challenges as they arise; maintains a positive outlook.
Has the ability to identify the information needed to clarify a situation; seeks information from appropriate sources; has the ability to tackle a problem using a logical, sequential approach and can anticipate the implications of actions.
Good written and verbal presentation skills.
Is self-motivated; maintains a feeling of pride in work; has a strong work ethic and strives to achieve all goals; is competitive and has a strong drive to win; takes appropriate risks.
Is trustworthy and maintains the highest level of confidentiality at all times.
Is high energy, friendly and engaging; has excellent persuasion skills; can persuade others to change their minds or behavior.
Has a service orientation; is actively looking for ways to help people.
Ability to foster teamwork and enlist the support and participation of others.

Physical Demands / Environmental Factors

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear
Occasionally required to stand and walk
Must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus
Some travel required

,

While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear
Occasionally required to stand and walk
Must frequently lift and/or move up to 10 pounds
Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus

, $115k to $143k 
Show more Show less